She's creative, she's careful,
she practises like anything.
And she's imaginative.
I mean, she just has the lot.
She's a very skilful baker.
Well done, yeah.
CHEERING
Thank you so much. Well done, girl.
I'm so proud of Syabira.
She deserved it.
She is that queen of flavours.
She fully deserves this.
I'm so happy for her.
I'm happy I've got this far.
I'm blessed, I'm grateful.
Yeah, it's been an amazing
experience. It's been a dream.
You guys made my dream come true.
For me,
this is a massive achievement.
I'm so happy,
I'm so proud of myself.
And I'm happy that Syabira
got it as well
because I could see in her
how hard she has worked for this.
I mean, we all have but it's just
for her, this meant like so much,
and I'm just so happy for her.
You did it!
CHEERING
Who would have thought!
I think that I'm coming out as
a new person after this competition.
I became more confident,
and I trust my instinct.
You've won
The Great British Bake Off.
It's been a while
there's no woman winner
so, there you go, all good,
I'm here. Get one for all of you.
We can do anything we want
as long as we have all of our heart
and work for it.
We are taking our hot chocolate
very seriously and...
Erm, stop - dark chocolate.
What did I say? Hot chocolate.
SHE GIGGLES
Blooper!
Are you a Star Baker in the making?
If you'd like to apply for
the next series of Bake Off, visit:
Subtitles by Red Bee Media